Few minor WP doc updates (#8308)
pantheon-systems/documentation: source/content/guides/multisite/01-introduction.md

- Blogs for faculty at a university
- Franchise sites under a parent organization site
- Sections within a media publication

> - [Bedrock based](/guides/wordpress-composer/pre-ga/wordpress-composer-managed) or Composer based WP Multi-site is a possibility and can be discussed during onboarding

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Bedrock based](/guides/wordpress-composer/pre-ga/wordpress-composer-managed) or Composer based WP Multisite is a possibility and can be discussed during onboarding
```
